Fix ApprovalOperator with SimpleAuthManager when all_admins=True (#59399)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/newsfragments/59399.feature.rst

> Add ``is_authorized_hitl_task()`` method to fix ApprovalOperator authorization with SimpleAuthManager

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add ``is_authorized_hitl_task()`` method to check whether a user a is authorized to approve a HITL task
```
